Updated project splitting section (#6043)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/best-practices/how-we-structure/5-the-rest-of-the-project.md

### Project splitting

One important, growing consideration in the analytics engineering ecosystem is how and when to split a codebase into multiple dbt projects. Currently, our advice for most teams, especially those just starting, is fairly simple: in most cases, we recommend doing so with [dbt Mesh](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-1-intro)! dbt Mesh allows organizations to handle complexity by connecting several dbt projects rather than relying on one big, monolithic project. This approach is designed to speed up development while maintaining governance. 

As breaking up monolithic dbt projects into smaller, connected projects, potentially within a modern mono repo becomes easier, the scenarios we currently advise against may soon become feasible. So watch this space!

- ✅ **Business groups or departments.** Conceptual separations within the project are the primary reason to split up your project. This allows your business domains to own their own data products and still collaborate using dbt Mesh. For more information about dbt Mesh, please refer to our [dbt Mesh FAQs](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-5-faqs).

> - ❌ **ML vs Reporting use cases.** Similarly to the point above, splitting a project up based on different use cases, particularly more standard BI versus ML features, is a common idea. We tend to discourage it for the time being. As with the previous point, a foundational goal of implementing dbt is to create a single source of truth in your organization. The features you’re providing to your data science teams should be coming from the same marts and metrics that serve reports on executive dashboards.

Author: ```suggestion

```

### Project splitting

> One important, growing consideration in the analytics engineering ecosystem is how and when to split a codebase into multiple dbt projects. Currently, our advice for most teams, especially those just starting out, is fairly simple: in most cases, we recommend doing so! With the introduction of [dbt Mesh](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-1-intro), organizations can more effectively handle complexity by utilizing multiple interconnected dbt projects rather than a single large, monolithic one. This approach is designed to speed up development while maintaining governance. As breaking up monolithic dbt projects into smaller, connected projects, potentially within a modern mono repo becomes easier, the scenarios we currently advise against may soon become feasible. So watch this space!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One important, growing consideration in the analytics engineering ecosystem is how and when to split a codebase into multiple dbt projects. Currently, our advice for most teams, especially those just starting, is fairly simple: in most cases, we recommend doing so with [dbt Mesh](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-1-intro)! dbt Mesh allows organizations to handle complexity by connecting several dbt projects rather than relying on one big, monolithic project. This approach is designed to speed up development while maintaining governance. 

As breaking up monolithic dbt projects into smaller, connected projects, potentially within a modern mono repo becomes easier, the scenarios we currently advise against may soon become feasible. So watch this space!
```

> - ✅ **Business groups or departments.** Conceptual separations within the project are a good reason to split up your project. For more information about dbt mesh, please refer to our [dbt Mesh FAQs](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-5-faqs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ✅ **Business groups or departments.** Conceptual separations within the project are the primary reason to split up your project. This allows your business domains to own their own data products and still collaborate using dbt Mesh. For more information about dbt Mesh, please refer to our [dbt Mesh FAQs](/best-practices/how-we-mesh/mesh-5-faqs).
```

> - ❌ **ML vs Reporting use cases.** Similarly to the point above, splitting a project up based on different use cases, particularly more standard BI versus ML features, is a common idea. We tend to discourage it for the time being. As with the previous point, a foundational goal of implementing dbt is to create a single source of truth in your organization. The features you’re providing to your data science teams should be coming from the same marts and metrics that serve reports on executive dashboards.

Reviewer 2: Might make sense to move this one to the bottom so we get the ✅ s then one ❌

Reviewer: +1!
